# What We're Going Over:
- Room Layout
- Kickoff Advertising in Classes
- Room Hours
- Fall Expo
- Update Advertising
- Mechmania Interst Forms

# What We Went Over:
- Bank Account 
    - 954.74
- Room Layout
    - New Idea
        - Tables lined up
        - Couches facing TV
    - Try out new ideas and vote in two weeks (Sept 5th)
- Kickoff Advertising in Classes
    - Latimer 161
        - Thursday 9:00 Carson
        - Thursday 11:00 Amanda
        - Thursday 12:00 John
    - Hu
        - Wednesday 1:00 (Jean)
    - Radermacher 160
        - Mon Wed or Fri before start of lecture
        - 2:00 pm (Not yet assigned)
        - Friday 5:00 pm John
- Room Hours
    - 10am to 6pm
    - Amanda opens room every day
    - Last board member to leave locks it
- Fall Expo Hours
    - Aug 31st
    - 11am-3pm
- Carson will start working on Mechmania interest forms
    - Google forms
    - Provide email
    - Opens after kickoff meeting
What to use funding on
    - Start pitching ideas next meeting
- 2x1TB Hardrives from Digikey
    - Left over rewards from Digikey Competition 
    - Giving one to Gabe and one to Mitchell
- Corp Talks
    - We have reached out to
        - FAST (Amanda)
        - TORO (Amanda)
    - Reach out to
        - Digikey (John)

# To Accomplish By Next Meeting: 
- Make a Heroku Account for discord bot (Amanda)
- Email for Corp Talks over Summer (Jean, Amanda and Mitchell) 
- Monthly emails (John)
- Remake Robbot and add SIG roles (John)
- Update Advertising (Amanda and Mitchell)
- Get more info for hanging posters for Dolve Hall and Ag Hill (Potentially Mitchell)
- Prepare Python Weekly Meeting Presentation (Jean)
- Reach out to Digikey about a CorpTalk (John)

# Next Meeting:
- Hosting events for school for funding and other general funding
- New tables? 
- Check snack spread sheet for price adjustments (Carson and John)
- Open source our website update

# Current Weekly Schedule Ideas
- Weekly Meeting Topics 
    - Sept 12th: Python Intro (Jean) (Hands-on)
    - Sept 19th: Git Intro (Sean) (Hands-on)
    - Sept 26th: Git Best Practices (Sean) (Hands-on)
    - Oct 3rd: Intro to IDEs (Jean and Amanda) (Hands-off/Hands-on)
    - Oct 10th: Javascript (Amanda)
    - Oct 17th: systemd (John) (Hands-off) 
    - Oct 24th: SQL (Sean) (Hands-on)
    - Oct 31st: Halloween Party??????????????? (No meeting)
    - Nov 7th:  ColdFusion (Amanda) (Hands-off)
    - Nov 14th: Machine Learning (Mitchell) 
    - Nov 21st: Machine Learning Pt. 2 (Mitchell)
    - Nov 28th: C# (Jean) (Hands-on)
- Other topics for Spring
    - Machine Learning
    - Vue.js
    - APIs(Flask)
    - NoSQL
    - Latex
    - AWS
    - C#
    - Make a form for it
    - Clean Code (Book)
    - Steal topics from Hack Club?
    - Could we repeat topics in more depth?
