# What We're Going Over:
- Communication problems
- Meeting interuptions
- Mechmania
- October Email
- Shirts
- Poster
- Hardware Desk
- Checking up on SIG Leaders
- Compile list of CSCI Brain Games

# What We Went Over:
- Bank Account
    - 1022.42
- Balances
    - Carson needs to be sole handler of purchases
    - Carson needs to handle record upkeep (not library)
    - John needs to handle discord
    - Amanda will be first point of contact when it comes to faculty affairs
- Problem: Meeting interruptions and relegating tasks
    - Nonboard members shouldn't be interrupting
    - Nonboard roles must be approved by at least one board member and communicated in admin chat
    - Decisions on admin affirs must be in admin chat
- Prepare October email (John)
    - Sent during first week of October
    - October meeting topics
    - Corp talks
        - FAST
        - Digikey
        - Topcoder (potential)
    - Halloween party w/ CSA
- Mechmania: 
    - Sept 30th - Oct 1st, 7pm to 9pm
    - Where will all teams meet/do the compeition?
    - ACM Room, QBB 116, hallway
- Carson's Donated Snacks
    - For the last game night, all drinks were bought by Carson
    - Being donated to the snack rack
- Hardware Desk
    - Waiting to make decisions until after table and Digikey comp (see if we win funds)
    - Got tracking number for table (ETA of October 5th-10th)
    - Gabe might donate

# Role Explanations
- Chair
    - Main point of contact for faculty
    - Final decision maker and delegator 
- Vice Chair
    - Reserving rooms
    - Point of contact for SIG Leaders
    - Main delagatee for Chair
- Treasurer
    - Enter snacks into excel sheet
    - Sole handerler of purchases
    - Record keeper
    - Buys snacks with Member at Large
- Secratary 
    - Monthly emails
    - Discord upkeep
    - Update google calendar
- Member at Large
    - Point of contact for members
    - Advertising
    - Buys snacks with Tresurer
- All
    - Attend events, let other board members know if can't make it

# Board TO DO: 
- Prepare October email by next meeting (John)
- Have Discord report done by Tuesday (John)
- See if Dr. Straub will donate a sodering kit by end of Wednesday (John)
- Get more info for hanging posters for Dolve Hall and Ag Hill (Will do after hardware table)
- How to give committee limited access to the drive (Amanda and John)
- Double check if rooms have been reserved for CORP Talks (Amanda and Mitchell)
- Checkup on SIG Leaders (Mitchell)

# Tabled for Next Meeting:
- Shirts
- Poster
- Checking up on SIG Leaders
- Compile list of CSCI Brain Games

# Current Weekly Schedule Ideas
- Weekly Meeting Topics 
    - Sept 12th: Python Intro (Jean) (Hands-on)
    - Sept 19th: Git Intro (Sean) (Hands-on)
    - Sept 26th: Git Best Practices (Sean) (Hands-on)
    - Oct 3rd: Intro to IDEs (Jean and Amanda) (Hands-off/Hands-on)
    - Oct 10th: Javascript (Amanda)
    - Oct 17th: systemd (John) (Hands-off) 
    - Oct 24th: SQL (Sean) (Hands-on)
    - Oct 31st: Halloween Party??????????????? (No meeting)
    - Nov 7th:  ColdFusion (Amanda) (Hands-off)
    - Nov 14th: Machine Learning (Mitchell) 
    - Nov 21st: Machine Learning Pt. 2 (Mitchell)
    - Nov 28th: C# (Jean) (Hands-on)
- Other topics for Spring
    - Machine Learning
    - Vue.js
    - APIs(Flask)
    - NoSQL
    - Latex
    - AWS
    - C#
    - Make a form for it
    - Clean Code (Book)
    - Steal topics from Hack Club?
    - Could we repeat topics in more depth?
