# What We're Going Over:
- Topics / Ideas Discussed Last Year
    
# What We Went Over:
- Bank Account
    - $ 854.93
- Member Meetings and Events
    - Fall Kickoff Meeting: September 1st @5:30pm in QBB 104
    - Idea for member meetings prior to game nights proposed
    - Idea for special game night with replay games in downtown Fargo
    - Rest to determine later
- National ACM resources
    - Not much found on potential resources for the ACM from the national board
    - Potential for national ACM corp-talks, but board would like to focus on local businesses
- Digital Debit Board
    - Venmo or something similar account for the ACM will be looked into for next meeting
- Updates to Constitution
    - Looking into how to approach banning the attempt to buy out votes for ACM board elections
- ACM Merch
    - Idea for merch store scraped for just selling shirts, stickers, etc.
- Byte-le Advertising
    - Talk between NDSU ACM and UND ACM for having them participate in Byte-le this year. Discussions will continue with them
    - Look into other colleges, such as MSUM
- SIG-Collab and SIG-Workshop Ideas
    - Idea to have one big project instead of multiple ideas for SIG-Collab
    - May need better advertising for more members
- Github Workshop
    - Carson working on becoming Github expert, meeting may be organized next semester
- Fiscal Report
    2022-23 ACM Fiscal Report has been filed
- Visiting 160-161 Classes for Kickoff & Planning
    - We will be visiting 160-161 classes to introduce new students to the ACM and invite them to the fall kickoff meeting
    - Posters advertising the event have been made by Grace and will be distributed across campus
    - Catering is being looked into
- Professor Spotlight
    - Idea for, similar to corp-talks, have professors come in to speak about their experience in the computer science work force 
- Involvement Expo
    - A table will be set up for the ACM at the Student Involvement Expo on August 30th at 11am-3pm
- CSO Meeting
    - A representative from the board will be attending the Mandatory Leader Training CSO Meeting on September 13th at 6pm
- Rules Channel
    - Idea to make a rules channel for the ACM discord
    

# Board TO DO:  
    - Venmo or similar payment option account for the ACM (Carson)
    - Digital forms for library changes (Caesar)
    - Update Constitution for not allowing buying votes during elections (Ian, Brandon)
    - ACM Shirts and Stickers and etc. (Carson)
    - Contact MSUM for Byte-le and continue to talk with UND
    - SIG-Workshop (Brandon)
        - Form for what times works for everyone posted on general chat on Discord
    - SIG-Collab Projects (current ideas)
        - ACM Branding Style Page
        - Database for Library
    - Github Workshop
        - Topics to look into:
            - terminal and desktop
            - branches and pull requests
            - feature based branches
            - common problems (merge conflicts, stash changes)
            - git ignore
    - Outreach Committee (Carson)
    - Companies to talk to:
        - Microsoft
        - Pedigree Technologies
        - Optum
        - John Deere
        - Doosan 
        - Bobcat
        - Bushel
    - look at list of companies that attend Career Fair
    - Rules Channel (Ceaser)

# Upcoming Events
    - Student Involvement Expo: August 30th from 11am-3pm
    - Fall Semester Kickoff Meeting: September 1st @5:30pm at QBB 104
