# What We're Going Over:
- List of Services and Hardware
- Byte-le Development Team
- Digital Debit Board Ideas
- Digital Library Ideas
- SIG-Com.Sci. Ideas
- ACM Merch Store Ideas
- Byte-le Advertising Ideas
- Fundraising Committee Ideas
- ACM Hours During Finals Week
- Github & Intellij in CSCI Classes
- SIG-Collab Ideas 
- Interactions with CSO

# What We Went Over:
- Bank Account
    - $ 1,268.65
- List of Services and Hardware
    - Currently no ACM servers, as firewalls will need to be configured again by end of semester (Gabe, Ian, and Roman)
    - ACM will be in compliance with new NDSU server rules (after ACM right computer is fixed and firewalls are fixed)
    - Current plans with ACM Right computer is that it will be wiped. If you have any data on the computer you wish to save, contact the board
- Byte-le Development Team
    - Currently, the board will wait on adding new members to the Byte-le Development Team
- Digital Debit Board Ideas
    - We have a Square Reader to use in the ACM room, and we will look into the idea of allowing cards to add money to the debit board next semester
- Digital Library Ideas
    - Current Ideas for Digital Library include: library committee (led by Julia/Caesar), database project, monitor and keyboard to check-in/out, etc.
- SIG-Com.Sci. Ideas
    - Different names should be explored for this idea: new name currently: SIG-Workshop
    - Idea of digital forms for signing up to hold a meeting in SIG-Workshop
    - Will need to find times during fall semester
- ACM Merch Store Ideas
    - Idea of shirts, jackets, etc.
    - Will consider going with same company as previous ACM shirt or printer Bison Robotics uses
    - Due to logo changes, we will not be able to use the traditional diamond ACM logo unless it specifies it is an ACM chapter
- Byte-le Advertising Ideas
    - Idea of talking to Mechmania to see if they would like to participate in Byte-le
    - Focus on advertisement mainly in fall
- Fundraising Committee Ideas
    - Mainly focus on corp-talks and on-campus interviews to build relationships with local companies
    - Idea to rename committee to Outreach Committee to reflect new goal of committee
- ACM Hours During Finals Week
    - No official ACM room hours during finals week, good luck, have fun!
- Github & Intellij in CSCI Classes
    - There has been talk in the department of teaching Github and IntelliJ, but they may not have the time. 
    - Idea of holding a workshop on learning Github and IntelliJ and talking to department to inform students of this workshop to help begin adding them to the curriculum
    - Idea of also talking to department to get Github desktop onto lab computers, as well as having students make school accounts on Github (Github Classroom is also an option)
    - Overall, we believe that we should push Github into the curriculum to better help prepare students in the department
- SIG-Collab Ideas 
    - More ideas and topic will need to be explored for projects
    - New idea: ACM Member Database
    - New idea: Library Database Revamp
- Interactions with CSO
    - Current ACM CSO Standing: 4/5
    - At less than 3 points, it is possible that we can lose the ACM Club room
    - Further communication with CSO is in debate

# Board TO DO: 
- Get food for ACM picnic and Game Night (Carson) 
- Get materials for activities for picnic (All of the Board, as well as other members)
- Some problems for next year: 
    - Member meetings (need to plan at least six for an academic school year)
    - National ACM resources to look into
        - National SIG's
        - National ACM corp-talks 
    - Digital debit board (Carson)
    - Digital forms for library changes
    - Update Constitution for not allowing buying votes during elections 
    - ACM Merch Store (Carson)
    - Byte-le Advertising
    - SIG-Workshop
    - SIG-Collab Projects
    - Workshop on Github and IntelliJ (All of the Board)
- File ACM Fiscal Report (Carson)
- Outreach Committee (Carson)
- Next Meeting: Further Discussion on Github / IntelliJ in department
- Future Meeting: Interactions with CSO

# Current Weekly Schedule Ideas
- No more weekly meetings for the year! Good luck on finals!